# remapgl
Declarative MapboxGL bindings.

See it [live at codesandbox](https://codesandbox.io/s/remapgl-hfuhl?fontsize=14).

# API
You want to start with the Map component.

## Attribution
An AttributionControl control presents the map's [attribution information](https://docs.mapbox.com/help/how-mapbox-works/attribution/).
### customAttribution: [string | string[]]
One or more strings to show in addition to the default attributions.
### compact: [boolean=false]
If true force a compact attribution that shows the full attribution on mouse hover, or if false force the full attribution control. The default is a responsive attribution that collapses when the map is less than 640 pixels wide.

## CircleLayer
TODO: display a layer wih circles on it.
### points: any[]
An array of points to render as a layer.

## GeoJsonCircleLayer
TODO: display a layer wih circles on it.
### geoJson: object
The geojson object with circle locations.

## GeoJsonPathLayer
TODO: display a layer wih a path.
### geoJson: object
The geojson object with path locations.

## Map
The Map object represents the map on your page.
### accessToken: string
Sets the map's access token generated by [Mapbox](https://account.mapbox.com/access-tokens/). You will need an account with Mapbox to create an access token.
### as: [string="div"]
The type of HTML element that hosts the map; defaults to DIV.
### className: [string]
A class name to set on the containing element.
### center: [[number, number]=[-68.2954881, 44.3420759]]
The inital geographical centerpoint of the map.
### style: [string="mapbox://styles/mapbox/outdoors-v10"]
The map's Mapbox style. This must be an a JSON object conforming to the schema described in the Mapbox Style Specification, or a URL to such JSON.
### zoom: [number=9.5]
Sets the map's zoom level (0-20).

## Marker
Creates a marker component. 
### as: [string="div"] TODO!!!
The type of HTML element that hosts the marker; defaults to DIV.
### children: [React.ReactElement]
If the Marker component has children they will be displayed, otherwise the default pin marker will be displayed.
### className: [string]
A class name to set on the containing element.
### location: LngLatLike
Set the marker's geographical position and move to it.
### popup: [() => \<Popup\>]
A Popup component with content for this marker.
### showPopup: ["click" | "hover"[]]
Displays a popup when one or more of the provided states occurs.
- "hover" When the mouse is over the marker the popup will appear.
- "click" Clicking the marker will toggle the display of the popup.

## Navigation
### showCompass: [boolean=true]
If true the compass button is included.
### showZoom: [boolean=true]
If true the zoom-in and zoom-out buttons are included.
### visualizePitch: [boolean=true]
If true the pitch is visualized by rotating X-axis of compass.

## PathLayer
TODO: display a layer wih a path.
### path: any
A thing that defines a path (to be turned into geojson).

## Popup *(for Marker)*
### children: React.ReactElement
The contents of the popup component.
### className: [string]
A class name to set on the containing DIV element.
### closeButton: [boolean=true]
### offset: [number | PointLike | { [key: string]: Point }]
A pixel offset applied to the popup's location.
- a single number specifying a distance from the popup's location
- a PointLike specifying a constant offset
- an object of Points specifing an offset for each anchor position Negative offsets indicate left and up.

## Popup
### children: React.ReactElement
The body of the popup component.
### className: [string]
A class name to set on the containing DIV element.
### closeButton: [boolean=true]
If true, a close button will appear in the top right corner of the popup.
### offset: [number | PointLike | { [key: string]: Point }]
A pixel offset applied to the popup's location.
- a single number specifying a distance from the popup's location
- a PointLike specifying a constant offset
- an object of Points specifing an offset for each anchor position Negative offsets indicate left and up.
### location: LngLatLike
Set the popup's geographical position and move to it.
